p1, p2, p3, p4 Instance Properties of DOMQuad (#36700)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domquad/p3/index.md

---
title: "DOMQuad: p3 property"
short-title: p3
slug: Web/API/DOMQuad/p3
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.DOMQuad.p3
---

{{APIRef("Geometry Interfaces")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`DOMQuad`** interface's **`p3`** property holds the {{domxref("DOMPoint")}} object that represents one of the four corners of the `DOMQuad`. This point includes the {{domxref("DOMPoint.x")}} (horizontal), {{domxref("DOMPoint.y")}} (vertical), {{domxref("DOMPoint.z")}} (depth), and {{domxref("DOMPoint.w")}} (perspective) coordinates for a point in space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`DOMQuad`** interface's **`p3`** property holds the {{domxref("DOMPoint")}} object that represents one of the four corners of the `DOMQuad`. When created from {{domxref("DOMQuad.fromRect()")}}, it is the point (x + width, y + height).
```
